The bedroom must be upstairs, considering you have already checked everywhere downstairs. Sure enough, there is a long 
staircase leading upstairs to an open door where there appears to be an old bedroom. 

Bingo.

The stairs creak and moan with every pound of weight added to the ascending flight of splintered steps. Your flashlight 
sputters little beams of light. The light goes out and everything is consumed by the dark of night. Uneasy butterflies return
and you begin repeatedly smacking the ass end of the flashlight on the palm of your hand to somehow revive it.

Suddenly, a bright beam emits from the bulb aimed directly to the top of the staircase and illuminates something that makes 
your heart fall to the pit of your stomach. A lanky black figure with sagging flesh is awaiting at the top of the steps. Haggard 
teeth jet from the gaping mouth and eyes lifeless. Gasping you slap your hands over your mouth and shut your eyes. Blood 
runs cold through your veins and you freeze in your tracks. If this is what’s going to kill you, you definitely do not want to 
watch it happen. Five long seconds pass and you peek your eyes open.

Your heart is racing.

The figure still standing at the top of the stairs unmoving but now breathing heavily. Taking cautious steps, you slowly 
begin backing away. Nearing the end of the staircase you turn and bolt down the stairs as fast as your legs can manage 
without failing. The figure lets out a horrendous shriek and barrels after you. Your heart is ready to break through your chest. 
You see your friends on the lawn digging through their bags for the right color spray paint and run for them as fast as you 
can. Looking back, you realize the figure is gone. You slow your pace and jog to your friends.

You ask them if they heard that horrible noise that came from the house they look at you like you’re insane. You try your best 
to convince them but it is to no avail. They suggest once again if you would like to go home but you refuse to leave without 
them. You’re unsure if showing them where you saw the figure is a good idea or not but you lead them to the stairs.

Jack being the macho guy he thinks he is stomps up the stairs and looks around but there is no one there. He says, "Mel, 
maybe you're just stressed out or you saw a ghost."

Maybe you did see a ghost.

You join your friends and go back outside to help them spray paint but you are not in the mood for breaking the law so you 
revoke. You keep watch in case anyone happens to come break up the party.

You see the shadowy figure again, but this time in the tree line of the forest. The figure seems to be grinning and holding 
something that catches the light of the moon. Your eyes focus.

It’s the chains to your bikes!
Do You
G.Tell Your Friends
H.Retrieve the cains yourself
