"Jack, Julie, Robert!" you yell. Panicked, you sputter words about the thing in the woods with your chains that 
make no sense. "Black monster thing in woods has bike chains!"

The fiend in the woods is gone now so you probably sound crazy. Julie, Robert, and Jack examine their bikes and ask you 
where they are. Obviously, you know whatever that is in the forest has them so you try to explain to them what happened, 
but they aren’t buying it. They seem to think you are pulling a prank on them and are getting a little short tempered now. 
They ask you the last time where their chains are stating that this is not funny. Really this isn’t funny! There’s a friggin 
monster or demon or whatever it is in the forest and it has disabled the only mode of transportation you had besides your 
legs.

Better knock on wood.

Who knows what it’s going to do next.

Eager to find their chains, Robert opts to go look for the chains in the woods and Julie and Jack agree. "Mel, you can come 
with if you swear not to pull any more of this monster BS." Even though their accusation is false, you concede. Although you 
don’t want to be left alone so you follow.

You make your way through the yard and approach the forest. All of you stop in your tracks before entering. The forest is 
pitch black and a lot scarier looking than the house. Tiny rays of light push through the cracks within the bushy branches of 
the hemlock trees. None of you want to enter so you play straws. Whoever pulls the shortest piece of grass from the lawn 
goes into the forest. You all pull grass and measure with one another.

Robert has the shortest piece.

You are saddened one of your best friends has to enter the death-defying forest, yet ecstatic it is not you going in. Because 
after all, you do know what is in the forest and it is nothing you want to run into.

The three of you wait as Robert gathers enough courage to enter the forest. Soon he disappears into the somber forest. 
Five suspenseful minutes pass and worry overcomes you. You begin calling Robert’s name into the forest but hear no 
response. The sound of heavy breathing gets closer and closer. You can smell the breath.

The stench of death.

Rotten decaying flesh.

Robert’s decapitated head tumbles from the dark forest before your feet. Julie faints and Jack's jaw drops. You look at Jack 
as if telling him you weren’t lying and he nods.

Not waiting for the beast to make you his next meal, you begin to weigh your decisions.

Do You

I. Help Jack save Julie By Carrying her to the house
J. Help Yourself and run home
